Update index.mdx (#2952)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/accounts/sso/index.mdx

Enabling the Google integration will ask you to authenticate against a Google Apps account. Once done, membership will be restricted to only members of the given Apps domain (i.e. `sentry.io`).

<Alert title="Note" level="warning">

>   If need to allow users from multiple domains to access your organisation or change your Google domain, please contact our support team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to allow users across multiple domains to access your organization or change your Google domain, please contact our support team.
```
